Jupyter (week 21)
=================

Quite a lot of changes to integrate PivotTable, JqVMaps and other Charting libraries to Jupyter.
Also some bug fixes to the components like SkillBars, Slider...

Also some extra features dedicated to Jupyter:
- page.apps.jupyter to perform some action to the notebook.
- The use of external JavaScript pages.
- Change the juputer outs with an extra parameter.


Changelog details
-----------------

### Added
- Options to display matplotlib figures.
- Add bugs and todo section in the doc.
- Add skillbar options.
- Add skillbar javascript events.
- Add headers argument to js.post and js.get.
- Add progressbar add js function.
- Add outs options for Jupyter.
- first version of the page.apps.juputer extension.


### Changed
- Change text builder filter.
- Jupyter HTML template for cells.
- Extend div operator for contentFormatters.
- Update DC charts.
- Add list to Python Markdown module.

### Fixed
- Bug fixes for NVD3, C3 and DC in Jupyter.
- Fix mathJax display for Jupyter.
- Fix use of !IMPORTANT in CSS property setters.
- Fix Jqv Map display property.
- Bug fix on the use of the get method for options.
- Fix pivotTable.


## [1.5.19] - 2021-05-22

### Added
- Add gallery for images and icons
- Add option for colors to the transpile CLIs.
- Add shortcut to change the OVERRIDES method in the CSS Classes module.
- Add new pk. method links.
- Introduce the async option for builders (for potential promise)

### Changed
- Improve documentation.
- Input background default color.
- Adjust skins background position.
- Remove the dependency on Jquery UI for Jquery TimePicker.
- Change the content of field.number to return a float.

### Fixed
- Fix bug on some predefined icons.
- Fix effects.
- Fix Plotly data processing on Python.
- Fix the TimePicker object.
- Fix to make web workers available in Jupyter.
- Fix data input for Histogram for Plotly.